Hi, Mystery Recapped here. Today I’m
going to explain an American monster
adventure film called “L0ve and M0nster.”
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care!
The movie begins as Joel Dawson narrates to us
the current state of the world. He says that
his life was normal; like any of us, until the
end of the world. It all started when a huge
asteroid named Agatha 616 was heading straight to
earth. Humanity came together, and sent several
rockets to destroy the asteroid before it hit
the earth, and succeeded. The asteroid was gone,
however, the rockets were destroyed too. The
radioactive material in the rockets rained
back into earth...causing all cold-blooded
animals to mutate. So now there are huge ants,
roaches, crocodiles, lizards, and many other huge
animals who attack humans. The animals immediately
started killing people. And within about a year,
95% of the human population was wiped out.
The ones who survived hid in bunkers, caves,
and panic rooms. The surviving humans have
been living in such places for the last seven
years, and one of them is Joel. He lives in a
bunker with other members. The tiny place doesn’t
provide room for privacy, so Joel complains about
two of the members having sex right beside
him, as he pretends to sleep. Joel tells us
that everyone in the bunker is a couple, except
for him. Their first baby was born last summer.
They have established their own lifestyle vastly
different from how it was outside the bunker.
Joel’s day-to-day life includes milking the
cow and cooking food. They have a “hunting
party” every month, in which some members of the
group go up and bring whatever food they can.
Joel writes letters to Aimee, his girlfriend
before he lived in the bunkers. That day,
Joel is practicing hitting targets when the lights
in the bunker start to flicker. Everyone starts to
pack their weapons to go out. A mutated animal is
in the area. Joel asks them if they want his help,
but the group tells him to stay in the bunker.
He is a liability for them, because Joel cannot
fight. The team then leaves to find and kill the
animal. Joel and a few others stay at the bunker.
They monitor the group through a device, and see
that one of the team is killed by the monster.
Joel gets a crossbow and goes to help them.
One animal has slipped into the bunker.
Joel sees it and freezes. Although he has plenty
of chances to kill it, he doesn’t move at all.
The animal is about to attack him, when
the others from behind him kill it.
Cut to seven years ago, the day the asteroid was
destroyed. Joel and his girlfriend Aimee are in a
car hanging out. He draws a picture of Aimee,
and she gives him a box of colors as a gift.
As they kiss, the emergency alarm goes off in the
city. Just then the pieces of rocket fall back
onto the city creating huge explosions. The two
drive back home quickly. After they had come home,
Everyone was packing their bags to leave for
a safe place. The two hug for the last time;
separated that day, and have not met ever since.
She lives in another colony a few miles away.
Seven years later, Joel still has the
box of colors that he uses to draw the
monster animals on his notepad. . That day,
Joel speaks to her through a radio system.
The two talk about the letters that
Joel writes to Aimee every day.
But the call cuts off midway. Others from the
team mourn the death of their team member.
Suddenly, Joel asks the team about Aimee’s colony.
It turns out that it is only eighty-five miles
away. It takes seven days to reach there. Joel
is determined to find Aimee this time. The team
members are surprised because they know Joel
cannot fight. They try to persuade him to stay,
but he packs his bag with all the necessities
and leaves the bunker for the first time.
He looks at the map, but cannot figure out
anything in it. He even can’t tell what direction
is west. So, Joel takes a chance and heads in a
random direction. He walks for a while...thinking
that the journey is not as bad as he expected it
to be. On his way, he encounters several monster
eggs, but tries to stay positive. He finds
a frisbee on the ground and keeps it with
him. Just then, he hears a noise nearby. The
team members had advised him to run and hide
instead of fighting the creatures. So, Joel goes
into a nearby house. It is empty as expected.
Curious, he opens the fridge and sees a creature
there; he immediately rushes back outside.
He ends up in front of a small pond. A tentacle
peeks out of it. Joel freezes like he does when
he is scared. Suddenly, a huge mutated frog
comes out of the pond. But Joel doesn’t move.
It attacks Joel with its tongue making him
fall to the ground. A dog jumps on top of
him out of nowhere. Just as Joel is about to
run, the frog catches his legs with its tongue,
and drags him towards them. The dog saves Joel
from the frog, and they both run to a nearby van.
It seems to be the dog's home. Joel notices
“boy” written on the ceiling and figures that
it is the dog’s name. That night, he stays
with Boy in the van. The following morning,
he draws the dog in his notepad, thanking him for
saving his life, and continues his journey.
Boy follows him with his owner’s dress. It is the
only way Boy can still be close to his owner. Joel
keeps the dress in his backpack and starts walking
with Boy. The two become best friends on their
journey. Boy protects Joel from eating poisonous
berries and other dangers, while Joel tells him
everything about his life. One day, as they walk,
Joel falls into a pit. The pit has several burrows
inside it. A worm monster called the sand gobbler
comes out from one of the holes and attacks him.
Just then, two survivors throw him a rope and
bring him out of the pit. Several worm monsters
attack him as he climbs up. The survivors are
a man named Clyde Dutton and his eight-year-old
friend, Minnow. Minnow throws an explosive in
the pit and kills the rest of the monsters.
As the two strangers continue their journey, Joel
and Boy follow them for safety. It turns out that
Minnow’s father and Clyde’s son were killed by
a monster, and they have been together since
then. The duo is heading towards the north now,
where fewer monsters live due to the cold climate
and higher elevation. Joel decides to be with
them until they have to part ways. Suddenly,
everyone freezes as they come across a huge snail.
Clyde makes Joel take his shirt off and gives it
to the snail. His shirt had the smell of sand
gobblers in them, which attracted other monsters.
Now the snail will spread it through the
jungle and help them confuse the monsters.
The snail slowly leaves. Minnow teaches Joel that
like the snail, some creatures are actually nice.
You can tell by their eyes. For the next two
days, they teach Joel to shoot a crossbow in
the right direction and other survival skills.
Joel draws every monster they come across.
The day finally comes when they have to part ways.
Minnow insists he come with them to the north,
but Joel has to find Aimee. Clyde gives Joel
a grenade as a parting gift. As Joel and boy
continue heading west, Boy suddenly feels
something is wrong and hides. Joel tries
to bring him out. But before he can, he
is attacked by a huge centipede monster,
like the one he had encountered in the bunker.
This time, Joel manages to point his crossbow
at him, but freezes right after. The monster
throws him away with its tail and surrounds Boy.
Joel lies on the ground...thinking of the day
his parents died. With much determination he
gets up and shoots at the monster, killing him.
He finally saves Boy, and the two celebrate.
That night, they stay at a motel where
they encounter a talking robot named Mavis.
The robot has 51 minutes of battery left. Joel
asks her if she has a working outlet that he can
use his radio on. Mavis offers her remaining
battery to him. Joel finally contacts Aimee,
who is worried about him. She tells him that
her colony is leaving for a new place very soon.
They have found another group of survivors
who plan to take them somewhere safe.
Before she can tell him where they
are going, the power runs out.
Joel brings Mavis outside and talks to her about
his feelings. The robot shows him the picture of
his family through its database. She plays a song
for them, when suddenly her battery dies.
Boy and Joel continue their journey the
following day. As they walk, they encounter
a Queen Sand-Gobbler. Clyde had warned them
about her being the most dangerous of them all.
The queen attacks them and chases them through the
woods. Joel and Boy hide by a river. However, Boy
gets scared and starts barking, giving away their
position. Boy’s owner’s dress falls into the river
which makes him get out of hiding. The queen finds
their location, but before she can attack them,
Joel uses the grenade to kill her. He
falls into the water before the explosion.
When he gets out of the water, he finds
several leeches latch onto his body.
He screams at Boy for giving away their location
earlier. Saddened, Boy runs away from him.
Joel now walks alone, but the leeches seem to have
poisoned him with something. He gets lightheaded
and starts to hallucinate. Just then, a group of
people appears before him. He opens his eyes to
see Aimee in front of him. Aimee is surprised
to see him too. The two kiss, but Joel falls
unconscious soon after that. When he wakes up, he
is in a bunker. Aimee greets him, as it turns out
that he had kissed an old man earlier. The two
are talking, when Aimee is called by another
older woman. After her parents died, Aimee has
been in this colony taking care of the elderly
people there. She is the head of the colony as
the elders depend on her. They live on a beach.
Joel goes outside and sees the beautiful view.
Several people are packing to leave the place.
Another group of survivors had approached
Aimee’s colony. Their leader, Cap,
had promised to take them to a safer arena, so
now they are packing to leave. Joel meets Cap
who is preparing for a party at night. Cap brews
his own beer which is the attraction of the party.
Later that day, Aimee confesses she is glad to
see Joel, but has no romantic interest in him.
She has grown into a different person now and
is mourning the death of a close one, suggesting
that she was together with someone else all
these years before he died. Joel is devastated,
and apologizes to her for not asking before coming
to see her. Aimee assures him that it is okay,
and invites him to join their colony. However,
Joel decides to return back to his colony and
contacts them through the radio. His friends are
happy and surprised to find out he is alive.
They inform him that the bunker is no longer
safe for them, and that they are planning to
leave soon. The phone cuts off midway. Joel then
notices the berries and beer kept beside him by
one of Cap’s friends. He sees that the berries
are poisonous, the one that boy had warned him
about earlier. Joel realizes that Cap and his
crew are planning to poison the other survivors.
He goes out to tell Aimee but
she is too drunk to understand.
Just then, someone hits him on the head and
he falls unconscious. The following morning,
Joel wakes up to him tied up on the beach.
The others are in the same condition. Cap
reveals that he and his crew are actually
pirates who raid colonies for food and fuel.
He summons a crab monster rigged with a makeshift
electric collar to eat the colonists.
They also use the crab to tow their yacht. As the
crab attacks them, Amiee frees herself and Joel.
She runs to fight the crew and leaves
Joel to fight the monster crab. Aimee
fights with the girl member of the crew. Joel
surprisingly manages to push the crab over. But
Cap electrocutes the crab and it hits Joel making
him fall unconscious. The crab then walks towards
Joel as he retreats. Just then, Boy comes to his
aid. As Dana aims to shoot Boy, Aimee hits her,
making her shoot the crab instead. Cap’s crew runs
to the boat and gets back on their yacht. The crab
is about to kill Joel when he looks at its eyes
and notices that it is actually a friendly animal.
It had gone wild because Cap electrocuted it.
So, Joel shoots at the chain that electrocutes
it which makes the crab docile again.
It leaves the beach and goes to Cap’s yacht to
kill all of them. Later that day, Joel packs
his bag to get back to his colony to help them.
He gives his book of monsters to Aimee as a
parting gift, and they kiss their goodbye.
We see Joel survive the seven-day journey back to
the bunker with Boy. He finally meets his friends
again. They too decide to head to a safe place in
the mountains. On the radio, Joel inspires other
colonies to come out to the surface...proving that
life outside is still possible. In the end, we see
many colonies head towards the mountains to live
a better life. Clyde and Minnow are already there,
while Joel and Boy are also heading towards the
mountain, trying to survive the next journey.
Subscribe for more videos like this,
turn on notifications, and leave a like
to help the channel out.
Thank you for watching.